hey guys either in this video here and
welcome to episode 45 my call of duty
black ops emblem edit series today we
tend to look at the Decepticons there
you go which has come out absolutely
spot-on and I'm well pleased with that
one it looks absolutely top notch on the
gun and I am really really tough with so
as always we're sharing you what the
emblem looks on the gun i'm sure you'll
agree that that's absolutely spot-on
then if you're a Transformers fan of any
sort you'll really like it and i'm a fan
of the Autobots on in the actual film
but I've gotta say the decepticon logo
is my favorite run have the two on black
ops oh yeah a little bit gameplay here
for you just so you can see these are
these guys getting some MPL rapid fire
beasting as we do i'm driving but yeah
also the m60 action but anyway what
you're going to need for this is you're
going to need a square x one that's on
page four you'll need a starfish x one
that's on page 14 and angled shield
times three that's on page 14 triangle
thin times for on page 19 diamond x 1 on
page worm and corporal phones one on
page 24 and triangle wide x 1 on page 11
obviously i need all the layers all 12
layers are used and i had to do a little
trick really just to give it all in so
you'll see around about the two-minute
40 mark on the video i make a mistake
yes what assassin mistake basically what
happens is i relate layer so i had to do
a few tweaks to change what i used
instead of using some triangles I think
there's triangle things i have there
originally i changed it for the starfish
and that's how i brought it back but
yeah other than that I'm obviously that
didn't last when I saw the film recently
apps why I've done these two logos gotta
think they'd be really cool logos to
have to do and what you see in here is
I'm using the outline of the diamond to
sort of cut the angled shield and make
the lines in the face the proper so you
get the square you max it out back to
your background you then get your angled
shield on there give it a nice size I
like to use the the purple color but
obviously you can choose the colors you
want obviously purple sort of true to
the old school Decepticons but you can
then you could do it sort of grey if you
wanted to you just got to make sure
whatever you use in the background you
just swap the colors around however you
want it so you don't have to obviously a
deer do any colors that I use whatsoever
you on all my emblems I just make them
as close to how I think is perfect now
you can see there I've used two
triangles which i eventually get rid of
but I just go through you don't have to
make this mistake you can simply use the
starfish that you'll see at the end that
i use to save mistake but yeah as always
you can use or any sort of like any
colors you want don't matter on any of
my emblems I just make them as authentic
as I can and even on emma's where's
multiple colors I just choose my
favorite women and I go from there so
it's obviously down you guys what you
want to do but was sort of like getting
here and I'm run out of layers and my
thinking and so how on earth am I gonna
sort this out now I did take quite a
long time sort out but still cut all the
the meat the thinking process how but I
basically thought themselves what can I
use because it's good and that was this
was the starfish was the only thing that
I could use to get them little spikes up
in the middle and leave a triangle spare
to put in the middle at the top to make
it look really authentic so in result
guys I thinks come out really well like
I said this is my favorite one out of
the two I really did like this one and i
was a little bit reluctant to save over
it but as always you know me I'm trying
to show you guys what the mmm looks but
the everyone's all done and dusted there
it is guys thanks ever so much for
watching here's some of my previous
emblems you might be interest
then and as always please don't forget
to rate comment and subscribe if you
haven't already done so and I shall see
you later
you